Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[exciting music playing]
[thunder rumbling]
[dramatic music playing]
♪ ♪
[radio static crackling]
[radio static crackles]
[upbeat pop music plays
from speakers]
- ♪ Sitting on the beach
of Dover ♪
♪ What is happening?
Oh. dear ♪
♪ I keep wishing
you were here ♪
♪ And I swear
I'm gonna lose it ♪
♪ If I keep
playing your music ♪
♪ But what else
is there to do? ♪
♪ Everywhere I look.
I just see you ♪
♪ It's deep
red ♪
♪ My broken dream ♪
♪ My last
breath ♪
♪ The king and queen ♪
♪ The world
ends ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ In my
head ♪
♪ If we can be together
maybe we'll live forever ♪
[music stops]
- Ms. Ebersol?
- Please. call me Elli.
And you must be Sandy?
- Everyone calls me
Nana.
- Okay.
[both laugh]
- Let me help with your bag.
- Oh. that's okay. I got it.
Oof.
- Okay. come on inside.
I'll fix you some coffee.
- Oh. lovely.
- Welcome to the Sol-Mates
Bed and Breakfast.
[tap water running]
- It's beautiful here.
I'm sure you're booked solid.
- Well. most years
we'd be booked solid
to start the summer.
but with the storm
that came through and all.
we haven't had as many people
vacationing this year.
Our town took quite a hit.
- That's actually
why I'm here.
The company I work for
is looking at development
opportunities in the area.
- Oh. interesting.
Does that mean you'll be
staying a while?
- I hope so.
- Ah.
Well. can I get you
something else?
A sandwich or something?
- No. thank you.
I should get going.
I have a meeting
with the mayor.
and I need to scout
the location first.
- Ah. sure. no problem.
Oh. listen.
if you get hungry.
check out
the Sand Dollar Café.
It's close
to the mayor's office
and has the best food
in town.
- Perfect.
- [laughs]
[mischievous music playing]
- Okay. so the parking lot
and land
are zoned for commercial use
with utility hookups
already in place.
which is fantastic.
The damage to the pier
near the shore
seems to be superficial.
But the damage at the end
seems to have broken off
in the storm.
I'm assuming the pier
is still closed to the public
due to safety.
That's the beginning
of the pier.
Hey! Hey. where'd you come
from?
- Piper!
Hey. I'm sorry.
Sorry about that.
Hey. Pipe. Pipe.
Go get it.
[both laugh]
I'm sorry about that.
I didn't know anyone
was down here.
Piper loves to run
on the sand on our lunch break.
- Oh. what an angel.
- Thanks.
She's harmless. I swear.
I mean. unless licking people
to death counts.
- [chuckles]
- You know.
I hate to tell you.
but you know the pier's closed
to the public right now.
- Oh. yeah.
Uh. sorry.
I just couldn't resist.
- No. I get it.
This area does that to people.
Just sucks you right in. right?
[both chuckle]
You know. this is the heart
and soul of this town.
People have been coming
to this pier for generations.
It's a shame. what happened.
- I'm Elli.
- Oh!
Uh. I'm Brody. Sorry.
I own the bait and tackle
shop at the marina.
- Oh.
with the pier closed.
you must have taken
a real hit. huh?
- Yeah. a little bit.
But we still get people
fishing off the beach.
So. hey. I'll take any business
I can get.
- Maybe I'll do that sometime.
- What's that?
- Fishing.
Actually never
done it before.
- You've never fished?
- Mm-mm.
I didn't grow up
near the water. so...
- Okay. all right.
Duly noted.
When you're ready.
you know where to go.
First fishing pole rental
is free.
and you know what?
I might even throw in
a free lesson.
Okay?
- I might just do that.
- All right.
- It's really beautiful here.
- Yeah. it is.
- Hey. if I promise
to stay off the pier.
is it okay
if I keep exploring?
- Yeah. of course. Yeah.
Explore away.
- I'll see you around.
- Sure you will.
[gentle music playing]
[upbeat music playing]
♪ ♪
[acoustic music playing softly
over speakers]
♪ ♪
- You can find a seat.
I'll be right with you.
Coffee?
- Please.
- I'm Pam.
- Elli.
- There you go.
- And this is my husband.
Tate.
- I just made clam chowder.
Can I fetch you a cup?
- Oh. no. thanks.
Just the coffee.
I'm actually heading over to
a meeting at the town hall.
- A meeting. huh?
Sounds official.
- Well. I'm with a real estate
development firm in Stamford.
We're looking to develop
some land in the area.
- Oh. you're the one.
We heard all about it
from my nana.
- So much for keeping
a low profile.
- [laughs]
- You want to buy a café too?
- Don't pay attention to him.
We're not selling.
- So I'm staying at your...
grandmother's
bed and breakfast?
- Yup. and Nana loves to talk.
[laughs]
- I noticed.
- And she can be
a little nosy.
- Oh. I think I smell something
burning in the kitchen.
- [laughing] That's my cue.
Nice to meet you. Elli.
- You too. Tate.
- Your dress is beautiful.
- Thank you.
- [gasps]
Come here.
my little starfish.
How are you?
- Good. How about you?
- I am really good.
Elli. this is my daughter.
Milly.
- Pleased to meet you.
- Oh. pleased to meet you. too.
Milly.
- Elli is the one
staying at Nana's.
- Are you the lady
who's here to buy the town?
- Oh. well. I don't know
about the whole town.
but maybe a part of it. yes.
I was looking
at the pier today.
- My nana told me all about it.
- There really are
no secrets here. huh?
- Especially
in our family.
- My great-great-grandfather.
Ashley LeFay.
build the town pier
in the 1920s.
- So he was a merchant?
- Bootlegger.
And Ashley's grandfather
before him was a pirate.
- Might be a bit of a stretch.
sweetheart.
He was a buccaneer.
- Pirate. buccaneer.
same thing.
- Okay.
- Uncle Brody says
Ashley's grandfather
was lost at sea.
and he found a cove filled
to the brim with sand dollars.
- That's how the town
got its name.
Sand dollars
are really lucky.
- Uncle Brody says
Sand Dollar Cove
has more sand dollars than.
like. anywhere.
- Your uncle Brody?
I think I might have just
met him down by the pier.
- Oh.
- Does he have a dog?
- Piper.
She's the best dog
in the whole world.
- Okay. Milly. we got to stop
bothering Elli.
- Oh. no. no. no.
She's no bother.
I've enjoyed getting
a little history lesson.
How much do I owe you
for the coffee?
- Oh. it's on the house.
Think of it
as a welcome present.
- Bye!
[pleasant music playing]
♪ ♪
- Ms. Ebersol.
please have a seat.
Make yourself at home.
- Thank you. Mayor Conway.
I appreciate you taking this
meeting on such short notice.
- Oh. it's my pleasure.
So I understand that your
company is trying to acquire
some real estate
in the area.
- That's correct.
We're looking to develop
a resort hotel on the beach.
- That's great.
That's great news.
You know.
I want to show you
that Sand Dollar Cove
is the town for you.
I'll do everything in my power
to cut out the red tape
and to fast-track
your building permits.
- I appreciate that.
- You know. this is
a very tight-knit community.
People are very protective
of this town.
I understand that
you're inquiring
about a particular pier.
- [inhales] Not quite.
We're just interested
in the land.
The pier would have to go.
- Ooh. Uh...
- You want to knock down
the pier?
Sorry I'm late. Holden.
Forgive me.
- Oh. that's all right.
I understand. Brody.
Brody Bradshaw.
this is Ms. Elli Ebersol.
- We've already met.
- Yes. we have.
It was delightful.
But I didn't know you wanted
to knock down the pier.
- I thought it was important
for Brody to be in this meeting.
You know. like I said.
we'll cut out the red tape.
- I'm sorry. there must be
a misunderstanding.
I thought the land was owned
by a Maggie and Josh Bradshaw.
- My parents.
They gave me
the land a year ago.
I just haven't gotten around
to registering the deeds yet.
- I thought you owned
that bait and tackle shop.
- I do.
The bait and tackle shop.
the pier.
and all the land
that goes with it.
So. if you want
to buy that land.
well. you're going to have
to talk to me.
[string music playing]
♪ ♪
- You all right?
- Yeah. I met your grandson.
- Brody.
[laughs]
He's wonderful.
And smart and handsome.
- And stubborn.
- That too.
You won't meet too many men
like Brody Bradshaw.
He's my favorite grandson.
- Good to know.
I will keep that in mind.
- And don't let
his rough exterior get to you.
He's got sailor's blood in him.
after all.
Now. the Bradshaw men
aren't always good
about showing their emotions.
But underneath...
- Oh. no.
he's been very kind.
It's just that his land
is the site
where my boss would
like the resort to be.
so we're both kind of on
opposite sides of the table.
- Brody's loved that pier
ever since he was a little boy.
- Oh. he told me.
He said it was the heart
and soul of the town.
- Well. he's not wrong
about that.
That pier's been a part
of our history for a long time.
It's...
it's where people come together
to vacation and make memories.
whether it's...
whether it's catching
their first fish
or just hanging out
with friends.
Everybody's got
a favorite memory.
[warm music playing
♪ ♪
I had my first kiss
with Brody's grandfather
right at the end
of that pier.
- That's very sweet.
- Well...
- [sighs]
♪ ♪
[upbeat music playing]
[panting]
[cell phone buzzing]
- Anna. good morning.
- Morning.
I heard McBride and Pearson
are sniffing around
the Connecticut coastline.
and you know what that means.
- [sighs]
That this project has legs.
- Yes. and it means you need
to lock in Sand Dollar Cove
as soon as possible.
They will steal that land
right out from underneath us.
- Yes. about that.
We've hit a bit of a snag.
We're getting pushback
from the landowner.
- What does he want?
- He wants to preserve the pier.
He says it's the heart and soul
of the town.
- See if you can talk
some sense into him.
- I have a feeling
he means it.
- Okay. use your best judgment
to close the deal.
but get it done.
- Okay.
♪ ♪
Hi.
You sweetheart.
- I just don't know how
you're going to pull it off.
- We have to.
- I know. I know.
We're going to try
real hard.
[door clicks closed]
- Good morning.
- Morning.
- Hey.
- Everything okay?
- Oh. yeah. Um...
[laughs]
Our parents host this big summer
jamboree party every year.
It raises money
for the local high school.
everything from field trips
to performing arts.
And this year would be
the 20th anniversary.
We might have to cancel it.
- Why?
- Well. the storm damage.
A lot of time and resources
went to cleaning up the mess.
Just got no money left.
♪ ♪
- Sorry about that.
- Yeah. Thank you.
Oh. all right.
I need to get going.
- I wanted to talk to you
about your land.
When you have a minute.
that is.
- Uh. yeah. sure.
Um. I have some errands
to run.
but I'll be back
at Hook. Line & Sinker
in a couple hours. yeah?
- Okay. great. See you then.
- All right.
I'll see you soon. sweetheart.
- Bye. Uncle Brody.
- All right. ladies.
- Why are you looking
at Uncle Brody like that?
- Um...
oh. uh. well.
it's just that
I am here to build
a resort hotel.
and your uncle Brody's land is
right where we want to put it.
- Sounds like you're
in a bit of a pickle.
- You're right. Milly.
I couldn't have said it
better myself.
- [chuckles]
[hands clap]
- Nana!
- Ah.
- What seems
to be the problem?
- I can't seem to get online
this morning.
- Huh.
Uh. let me see
if you got a signal.
- I got us some iced tea.
[playful music playing]
- And voilà.
Seems that it was unplugged.
- Well. that's odd.
Here's your tea.
- I'm sure it's delicious.
- I had a nice chat
with our new guest this morning.
- Did you. now?
- Mm-hmm.
She sounds a little serious.
but I think she's got
a good heart.
- What makes you say that?
- A woman's intuition.
I told you you're
my favorite grandson.
- I'm your only grandson.
- Mm-hmm.
You're still my favorite.
- [laughs]
And did she tell you
she wants to tear down the pier?
- Sure. and build a fancy
new beach resort on your land.
You be sure not to take
her first offer.
- I don't want
to sell at all.
But thank you so much for
the negotiating advice. Nana.
- Of course. honey.
Happy to help.
She's holding her room
for another two weeks.
- And?
- And she might need someone
to show her around. is all.
- Nana. I love you.
But. please. stop trying to set
me up with your houseguests.
- Why?
- Because it doesn't work
like that.
- Well. I set your father up
with your mother.
That seems to have worked out
just fine.
- It's just...
it's not a good time
for me right now. okay?
- You always have
one excuse or another.
It's never a perfect time.
dear.
But if you don't
grab life by the horns.
pretty soon it will
pass you by.
- Mm. Is that why
you unplugged the router?
- Excuse me?
- I know your tricks.
- Well. maybe I did
and maybe I didn't.
- Okay. Maybe you did.
maybe you didn't.
I got to go.
I love you.
- [laughing]
I love you too.
Oh...
okay.
- I thought we were meeting
at the bait and tackle shop.
- We are.
I just had
to help Nana with something.
I'll see you in an hour?
- Yeah. I'll be there.
- All right.
♪ ♪
- [gasps]
Hi!
- Perfect timing.
- For what?
- Your first fishing lesson.
Come on.
- You don't waste any time.
do you?
- Why would I?
All right.
Here. hold this.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
First. we need
to bait the hook.
- With what?
- Lures.
- You're joking. right?
- Of course not.
Never kid about bait.
Take him.
Now. careful.
- Okay.
Kind of ridiculous.
but all right. yeah.
- You know.
the crazier it looks.
the more they want
to eat it.
Now. be careful there.
She's got some daggers on her.
She'll get you.
- I'll remember that.
There.
What?
- I'm impressed.
- You're impressed?
- I assumed you'd stab yourself
at least three times by now.
Oh. careful.
- I'm nimble.
- I'll remember that.
Okay. now we need
to cast off the line.
- Yeah?
- So first.
you're going to open
the bail arm.
So pull that back.
Okay. Go ahead. put your finger
right here on the line.
There you go.
- Like that?
- Yup.
- Okay.
- And now. uh...
pull back and cast her off.
- Okay. hold on. Watch out.
I don't want to get you.
- There you go--oh.
- Hey! Wow.
Oh. okay.
Hey. now.
- Look at that. You did it.
- What now?
- We wait.
- Well. since we're waiting.
can you reach in that bag
and grab that envelope
that's in there?
- Uh. what is it?
- It's an offer.
- For the pier?
- No. just your land.
I don't need the pier.
- [sighs] Okay.
But the pier
is on my land.
- I'm aware of that.
- [sighs]
[whistles]
That is a lot
of bait and tackle.
- I mean.
you're not gonna get a better
offer than that. Brody.
- What makes you think
I want to sell?
- Well. your sister said
you don't have enough money
to fix the pier.
and if you can't fix it.
you can't charge for fishing.
- Mm.
- How long do you think you can
keep that up?
- I'll take out a loan.
Not to mention I've been
working as a boat builder.
so that helps.
- I'm just trying
to help you. Brody.
The deal will make you
very comfortable.
You won't have to worry
about Hook. Line & Sinker
anymore.
- I happen to like
Hook. Line & Sinker.
thank you very much.
- It'll provide a lot of jobs
for the community.
- That pier has been
in my family for generations.
I fished off it
when I was a kid.
And someday. my kids are going
to fish off it too.
- I didn't know
you had kids.
- I don't.
Not yet.
That pier was handed down to me.
It's my duty to preserve it
for generations to come.
- So you are dead set against
any sort of resort development.
- No. not at all.
Just any that knocks down
my pier.
Look. on your company's
website. there's a video.
- Yeah.
- I think it's your boss.
actually.
saying.
"Architecture is inseparable
from its natural environment."
- That's true.
but natural environment
includes the coastline.
not your pier.
- You should be able
to build for the future
while honoring the past.
Look. I'm sorry if it
messes up your plans.
but you're just going
to have to make some changes.
- All right. I'll see
what I can come up with.
- That's all I ask.
[inhales sharply]
- When are you free next?
- Oh. I don't know.
Well. I'm going to the café
for dinner tonight.
if you'd like to join.
- Oh.
- Hey. oh. you've got a bite.
- Really?
- There we go.
Yeah. come on.
Get.
Come on. up and at 'em.
There we go.
Reel it in.
- Oh. oh. oh.
- Yeah?
- There we go. Oh. oh. oh!
- Got it.
- Oh!
- Oh. whoa. whoa!
- Look at you.
I'd say it's beginner's luck.
but I think you're just
a natural.
- I mean...
[pleasant music playing]
- Well. well.
Look at this.
You're early.
- I wanted you
to take a look at this.
- You know. we still have
a little bit of time
before dinner.
Let me show you around.
- Sure.
Sounds good.
- You know. I've been
meaning to ask you.
how did you get into
real estate development?
- My dad was an architect.
- Uh-huh.
- I used to tag along with him
on his site visits.
I loved seeing how
he saw his vision through.
- So you worked
for his company?
- No. he's retired
with my mom.
They moved to Florida.
and spend the rest of their days
playing pickleball.
drinking piña coladas
and playing cards with friends.
- [laughs]
All right.
now that sounds like fun.
- I miss them. though.
- I'll bet.
So. why do you work
for a developer
when architecture's
your passion?
- Well. I used to work
for an architecture firm.
but I've always wanted to be
an architect and a developer.
so I found a role
with a company
where I could
potentially do both.
- Dual threat.
- Kind of.
I love designing.
Taking an idea
out of thin air
and creating
a vision for it.
It's only half the job.
But I want my designs to
be built without compromise--
or at least as little
as possible. anyway.
So go on.
I told you my story.
Now you.
- Okay. Uh. well...
My grandfather
was a lawyer.
He was the kind of guy that...
he would always stand up
for the little guy.
You know. a neighbor
had a problem.
they'd come to him.
He'd find a solution.
- Sounds like you had
Jimmy Stewart for a grandpa.
- [laughs]
Yeah. close to it.
But of course I wanted
to be just like him.
Why wouldn't I?
So I went to law school.
Joined the biggest
law firm I could.
- Then what are you doing
back here?
- Well. it turns out
that big law firms
are more about
billable hours.
money.
than making
a positive impact.
- So you got burnt out. then.
- [laughs]
Well. sure.
[chuckles]
Yeah. I guess I did.
And then my dad.
he wanted to retire.
Pass the pier
down to me.
So I was already
at a crossroads.
Figured I'd come back
for a little while.
I was only planning on being
here a couple months.
- Well. I'm sure your parents
are happy to have you back.
- That's debatable.
No. I'm pretty sure.
I'm glad that my mom and dad
are finally getting to relax.
They're actually on vacation
in the Bahamas right now.
- Oh. fun.
- It's funny. I don't even feel
like they're on vacation.
I've been hearing
from my mom so much.
Although she's not trying
to check on me.
They're checking on Milly.
of course.
- Well. as she should.
She's adorable.
- Spitfire's more like it.
Just like her nana.
Wouldn't have it
any other way.
- Yeah. she told me all about
the sand dollars
and your ancestors and...
- And the history?
- Yes.
- You see. this is what
I'm talking about.
This is why places like the pier
are so important. you know?
Even for her. right?
She gets to know
where she came from.
Her roots.
Guess what?
- What?
- It's time for dinner.
♪ ♪
Mm.
- This is fancy.
- Yeah.
Pam and Tate keep this
for VIPs and family only.
- So now I'm VIP?
- No.
I'm family.
Well. I hope you're excited.
Tate is whipping up
his famous lobster roll--
best in Sand Dollar Cove.
- Sounds good.
- Vino?
- Yeah.
- You are not going to relax
even a bit. are you.
until I look
at that offer letter.
- I'm fine.
- Mm-hmm.
- But if you do.
you know. want to read it.
I won't stop you.
- [laughs]
Okay.
Is there anything in here
about keeping the pier?
- Right. Um...
not exactly.
But I'm trying
to work with you.
'cause my boss doesn't think
it makes sense to keep the pier.
- What do you think?
- It doesn't matter
what I think.
- It matters to me.
- Well. from a developer's
standpoint.
tearing down the pier and
creating a private beach resort
would be the most
profitable option.
- What about from
an architectural standpoint?
- It depends on what you would
want to do architecturally.
It could be--
- Everything okay here. kids?
- Everything's fantastic. Tate.
- All right.
Give me a yell
if you need anything else.
- Oh. this looks good.
Thank you.
All right.
moment of truth.
- All right.
- How about this.
If you don't like this...
- Yeah.
- ...I'll give you the pier.
- Wow.
All right. I like this bet.
- This is how confident I am.
- Okay.
Here it goes.
Ready?
- Mm-hmm.
It's amazing.
- What'd I tell you?
What'd I tell you?
- I guess I don't get
that pier.
- [laughs]
- Dang.
- Not yet.
[burgeoning music playing]
- What are you doing?
- Thinking.
- Thinking?
- Over your offer.
- Yeah?
And what am I supposed to do
while you're so busy thinking?
- Oh. you're supposed
to be figuring out
how to build your fancy resort
without knocking down my pier.
But if you're looking
for something to do
in the meantime.
you could take a look around.
get to know the area a bit.
In fact. I could
show you myself.
- Hmm. could you?
- Mm-hmm. if you ask nicely.
- [sighs]
Please show me around.
will you?
- Ah. don't have
to ask me twice.
Let's go.
On your left...
[both laugh]
Look around.
Tell me what you see.
- It was a wonderful old pier.
- It was.
And could be again.
- Expensive storm.
- It was.
I mean. she's been through
some big ones before.
But this one. man.
it was different.
Mother Nature
was flexing her muscles.
- I thought you were
getting a loan.
- Trying to get a loan.
- Well. if you can't
get a loan to fix the pier.
then what is the point?
- I'll build her myself...
piece by piece.
board by board if I have to.
It may take me
a few years...
But that pier's
still got life in her.
- Well. then I guess there's
nothing left to discuss.
- Unless...
- Unless?
- Unless maybe. just maybe.
you propose
an alternate location
for the beach resort
to your boss.
And in return.
I will do something
for you.
- Such as?
- I'll sell you the land
next to the pier.
And you can put some kind
of beach club
or whatever you want
for your resort guests.
- Okay.
I'll play along with you.
Where does the resort go?
- You see that land
right over there?
- Yeah. What is it?
- It's the town's
old oyster factory.
It's abandoned now.
so I'll bet the mayor
will get you a good deal
on the land.
- An oyster factory
doesn't exactly have
the same upside potential
as a resort on the actual beach.
You know that. right?
- I'm no architect.
but come on.
You can't tell me that's not
a beautiful location.
Come on.
- No. it is
right on the water.
It's closer to the main
shopping areas in town.
- Yes.
- [sighs]
There's room
for some development.
The retail spaces
and restaurants.
Okay. yeah.
- Exactly.
- But that doesn't
change the fact
that you're altering
our whole development.
- I'm a solution-oriented guy.
What can I say?
I'm just trying
to find something
that works for both of us.
- And I appreciate that.
What if I ask her
to increase the bid?
- I told you.
it's not about the money.
Hey. I'll tell you what.
I'll tell you what.
Talk to your boss and come out
to the ship barn tomorrow.
I'll show you around.
- I mean. I'll ask her.
but I can't promise anything.
- That's all I'm asking.
Oh. hey.
[sweet music playing]
♪ ♪
Hmm.
[blows]
Sand dollar.
Here.
- Hmm?
- For good luck.
You know. it's rare to find one
completely intact.
Maybe it'll inspire you.
Careful on your way down.
♪ ♪
- Laura. hi.
- Elli. how are things
in Sand Dollar Cove?
- That's why I'm calling.
actually.
So Anna said if I can
lock down this land.
I can pitch my designs
for the resort.
Since you've known Anna
the longest.
I wanted to get your advice.
- Fire away.
- So the landowner said
that if we move the resort
to an old oyster canning plant
next to the water.
he'll sell us a piece
of his land next to the pier
so we can build a beach club
for our resort guests.
- Hmm. Anna doesn't want
a beach club.
She wants a beach hotel.
- Yeah. I know.
That's what I told him.
The oyster plant
does not have a beach.
- What about the rest
of the community?
How do they feel
about the resort?
- Good. I think.
I mean. the area
could certainly use
an infusion of business.
- Well. maybe you could get
some of them
to talk some sense into him.
- I'll try.
It might take me some time.
- They're really excited
about this project. Elli.
You need to step outside the box
and find a creative solution.
This is your chance.
- I know.
All right. I'll check back in
with you later.
- Sounds good.
- Okay.
Excuse me.
I'm looking for Brody Bradshaw.
I heard he works here sometimes.
- Um...
- Every chance I get.
[laughs]
Tom. I want you to meet Elli.
- Pleased to meet you. Elli.
- You too.
Can I borrow him for a moment?
- Be my guest.
- Okay.
- Follow me.
[inhales sharply and sighs]
Take it in.
Can you see it?
- How much of the oyster factory
does the town own?
- Well. pretty much
everything you can see
from the water over.
I mean. there's plenty of room.
you can see.
Resort. restaurants. retail.
Whatever you want.
Not to mention
the other side of that building
is the town's
main shopping area.
- It's not bad.
- Not bad?
Elli. it's fantastic.
Right on the water.
And I spoke to the mayor.
He's willing to play ball.
- Well. there's still
the problem with the beach.
People want to be able
to walk out to the water
and feel the sand
between their toes.
- That's true.
But it's an option.
Come on.
I want to show you
something else.
♪ ♪
- Welcome to my humble abode.
- You live on a boat?
- Well. I just finished
restoring her.
[sighs]
Would you like
to come aboard?
You could be my deckhand.
- Deckhand?
Mm. I don't know about that.
I'm not so good
at taking orders.
- I've noticed.
Come on.
- Mm-hmm.
- All right. Careful. now.
[sighs]
- She's so beautiful.
- Thanks.
You should see her
out on the water.
- I'd like to.
- Have you done much sailing?
- No.
- Oh.
Oh. we need to fix that.
- What. now?
I thought we were in the middle
of talking business.
- We could do that
from anywhere.
Just let the engine warm up
and we'll be on our way.
So you said you parents
moved to Florida.
- Yeah.
- But where are you from
originally?
- Born and raised in Hartford.
but my home's in Stamford now.
- Oh. okay.
And how do you like Stamford?
- Yeah. it's great.
Good people. good energy.
- You have family there?
- No. just me.
I'm not sure I should be
talking about my personal life
during negotiations. but...
- [laughs]
Come on. look at this.
We're on a boat.
I mean. look at the light
shimmering off the water.
You feel that coastal air
coming in; it's beautiful.
Look around you.
I mean. does this feel like
work to you?
- I bet that's what you say
to all the girls.
- Ha. Uh. you know.
you'd be surprised.
It's actually been a while
since I've been on a date.
What about you. huh?
Is there a special someone
waiting for you
back in Stamford?
- No.
My friends say
I'm too picky.
- Well. you're particular.
[chuckles]
There's nothing wrong
with that.
- Thank you.
That's what I say.
- [laughs]
Just do me a favor.
I'm just throwing it out there.
Don't wait for Mr. Perfect.
- So what if I am?
- Perfect is the enemy of good.
- Where'd you read that?
On a fortune cookie?
- Voltaire.
You know.
the French philosopher--
- Yes. no.
I know who he is.
I've just never met anyone
who would quote him.
- Well. you know.
don't ask me for another.
It's the only one I got.
- Okay. I won't.
- All right.
I think we're about warmed up.
Deckhand. would you cast off
the bail line?
Please?
- Yes. sir.
- Be careful--
- Oh! Whoa. oh!
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
No. I'm-I'm fine.
- Be careful.
I don't want you
going overboard.
- One less resort developer
to deal with.
- Where would the fun
in that be?
♪ ♪
[sighs]
Pretty nice. right?
- Stunning.
- [sighs]
Oh. yes. please.
[groans]
[inhales sharply.
exhales loudly]
- Thank you.
- May I?
Cheers.
[bottles clink]
- Cheers.
- [sighs]
- Can I ask you something?
- Sure. shoot.
- Have you ever considered
opening up your own practice
here in town?
You seem like you've got
a lot to offer.
and you say you want
to help people.
- Yeah. I've thought
about it.
- But?
- But my grandfather's shoes
are big ones to fill.
You know.
I've always worried
that I wouldn't live up
to his legacy.
- I don't know about that.
You're a local.
People seem to love you.
You got a big heart.
Sounds like
you're just like him.
- Okay. that right there
might be the single most
incredible compliment
I've ever received.
Thank you.
- What were you saying again
back at the café
about having to cancel
the fundraiser?
- Oh. yeah.
Well. we hold the jamboree
every year
to raise money
for the high school field trips.
- Right.
And now there's no money
because of the storm damage.
- That's right.
It's. uh...
looking bleak at best.
- As Milly would say.
you're in a bit of a pickle.
- Any progress?
- Maybe.
Do you remember
that summer jamboree party
I emailed you about?
- Yes. And?
- Well. I was thinking
maybe we could help fund it.
It would be a gesture
of good faith.
- What do we have in mind?
- I was thinking
we could be a sponsor.
- How much are we
talking about?
- I'm not sure yet.
I'm still working on that.
But I think it could be a way
for us to get some good press
in the local newspaper.
- I like it.
Work up some numbers
and we'll see.
- Okay.
Hey.
- How was your day?
- Fun. Brody took me out
on his boat.
- Oh. he must like you.
He doesn't take just anyone
out on that boat.
- No. it wasn't like that.
We were talking business.
- So. did you persuade him
your resort will be a good thing
for Sand Dollar Cove?
- Not yet.
but I'm helping him
get the summer jamboree
back on track for this year.
- That's marvelous!
It's my favorite event
of the year.
Tell me all about it
over dinner.
I made fish stew.
- That sounds wonderful.
- What do you think of the
changes I made to the website?
- Well. it's fantastic.
I guess I just sadly
don't see the point. you know?
- Well. we'll figure it out.
We'll ask for donations.
We can put it
on social media.
It may be small.
but it will be mighty.
- You're right.
You're right.
[sighs]
What can I say?
I mean. we still need something
to show everybody
that the summer jamboree's
the way we kicked off summer
for the last 20 years.
Not to mention how good it is
for the high school programs.
- Yeah. Do you have
any old photographs?
- Uh. sure. yeah.
Um...
Oh. yeah.
Right here.
- [gasps]
- [laughs]
Look at that.
Grandpa and I won
the sandcastle-building
competition.
- I love that one.
It's perfect.
Okay. Well. then...
the new question is.
how are we going
to drive traffic to the site?
- You know.
I've been thinking about that.
and I have a high school buddy
who works on the tourist board.
- Oh. uh...Carl Larson.
- Yeah. You remember him?
- Yeah. yeah.
- Yeah.
Well. I was thinking
maybe he could put a link
on the website.
- That would be really good.
- There we go.
- So...
how are things going
with Elli?
- Uh. seem to be going well.
She seems nice enough. yeah.
- Oh. yeah. seems nice. yeah.
- And what is that
supposed to mean?
- Nothing.
You've spoken to Mom and Dad
about her offer yet?
- Yeah. Yeah. I mean.
I spoke to Dad.
And he said
it's my decision.
- Oh.
You're just taking
your sweet time about it?
- Because it affects
a lot of people.
- Uh-huh. yeah.
Or maybe you just want
her to stick around longer.
- [laughs]
And why do you say that. Pam?
Hmm?
- Oh. because I haven't seen
you look at anyone
the way you look at Elli
in a really. really. really
long time.
- Okay. you got me there.
Pam. you got me.
But. like.
it doesn't matter.
It doesn't. because if this
deal goes south--
and it's kind of looking
that way--
she's just going to move on
to the next town
and we'll never
see her again.
- [laughing]
Stamford's. like. an hour away.
- It's too complicated.
Okay?
- No. it doesn't have to be.
You like Elli.
Elli seems to like you.
- You really think
she likes me?
- I don't know why.
- [laughs]
Thank you. Pamela.
- Don't you call me that.
- Ah...
- Mm-mm.
- Mm-hmm.
[pleasant music playing]
- What's that look?
- Hey. sailor.
[laughs]
- Okay.
So you've heard about that.
- I saw Brody last night.
He's in the back
with Milly.
[giggles]
Can I get you
anything. ladies?
- Is this a ladybug?
- That's a door.
- [laughs] Well. now I see it.
- Do you see. like.
the handles?
- Morning. guys.
- Morning.
- Hey. Elli.
- Hey.
I was wondering if I could talk
to your uncle
about some business stuff.
- Today is not
the day for that.
I am sorry.
I forgot today's
the town's annual
sandcastle-building
competition.
- We came in second last year.
This year. we're going to win.
- That's right.
- I have a feeling.
- [imitates explosion]
[laughs]
- These are some of our designs.
- Yeah?
- So I like this one.
- These are great.
- And I like this one.
Would you like to
join our team?
- Hmm?
- I would love to.
But I have some work to do.
- You are supposed to be
building mutual trust
and understanding
in the community.
This would qualify.
- What he said.
- I know.
Which is why we're going to be
sponsoring the summer jamboree.
- Wait. what?
- Yeah. I told my boss
about your predicament.
and I convinced her
that she should help.
She's a sucker for good PR.
What can I say?
- I don't know what to say.
I...
Thank you. Thank you.
I...look at this.
[laughs]
Oh!
This is the best news
I've heard all year.
Just...
- Even better news:
If you would join our team.
Just putting it out there.
- Oh. I'd really like to.
- Now. how do you say no
to that face. hmm?
Look. the sandcastle competition
doesn't take long.
And we really could
use your help. hmm?
- Uh-oh.
- We come bearing gifts.
- T-shirt. Size: Elli.
[Brody laughs]
- Okay. I'm in!
- Yes!
- All right!
- Boom!
- All right. what kind of
sandcastle do you want to build?
- Milly's the boss.
- I want...
- Uh-huh.
- A moat...
- Moat.
- Tower...
- Tower.
- And then a bridge.
But not exactly a drawbridge.
- Okay.
Okay. so I'm headed to Nana's
to change and sketch these out.
- Competition starts
in two hours.
- Yeah. you guys grab
the buckets and shovels.
I'll find some
carving tools.
- Carving tools?
- You'll see.
- You'd better remember!
- [laughs]
That's right. Milly.
- Coffee?
- You're a lifesaver.
Thank you.
- Oh. that's wonderful. hon.
- Oh. thanks.
Can I use
your office printer?
- Of course.
But I'm a judge this year.
so don't expect
any special favors.
- Can I ask you
one more favor?
- Mm-hmm.
- Do you have any spatulas?
- Kitchen drawer.
Knock yourself out.
But you'd better hurry.
The competition starts
in 20 minutes.
- Okay. yeah.
- Okay.
♪ ♪
- Milly! Milly!
Okay...
Okay. here.
Is this what
you had in mind?
- I love it!
- Okay. okay. good.
I feel like nobody else
is probably going to be
as organized as us.
so okay...
Who is our main
competition here?
- Okay. that's Hal.
- Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
- Hal's dad
works in construction.
So they're our main
competition.
- Okay.
- Don't forget about Doris.
- Right.
Doris and Ashley
won last year.
Doris runs a bakery.
so she always brings cupcakes
to sweeten up the judges.
- All right. everybody.
Welcome. welcome. welcome
to the Sand Dollar Cove
sandcastle competition!
[applause]
Yes. Now. the rules
are very simple.
Each team gets exactly
two hours
to build whatever design
they choose
using whatever tools
they like.
All right. here we go.
Ready. set...
Go.
- Okay. hands in.
- Ready? On three.
all:
One. two. three. Hoo!
- Okay. so best recipe
for sandcastle concrete is...?
- Half sand. half water.
- Nice.
Okay. Brody.
you're going to fill up
the buckets with water first.
and then she's going
to shovel in the dry sand.
- Got it.
- Ooh. nice.
Piper. you want to help?
Here. come on.
get in here and dig.
Come on. sweet girl.
♪ ♪
- Okay. Milly. you and I are
going to work on this perimeter.
- Uh. got it.
What's a perimeter?
- All right. everybody.
gather around. gather around.
I have to tell you that this
year's competition is fierce.
and you have had a lot
of great competitors.
I want to thank each and every
one of you for your hard work.
But without further ado.
we have to announce
this year's winner
of the sandcastle competition.
And it is...
Millicent Johnson!
- [screams]
- Oh!
[applause]
Go. Milly. go.
Yeah!
- [barking]
- Milly. come on up here.
[cheers and applause]
Can you carry this?
- [laughs]
- Well. congratulations.
you two.
- Thank you.
- Congrats to Milly and Elli.
They're the brains
of the operation.
Piper and I just did
the digging.
- Speaking of digging.
I was thinking about hosting
a clam bake tomorrow night.
To celebrate your victory.
- Sounds amazing.
- Yeah?
- Any excuse for a clam bake
is good by me.
- Mm. The only thing is. um.
my back's been acting up.
Brody. you think you could
dig the pit?
- What time do you
want me there. Nana?
- Coffee will be on at 9:00.
- All right.
I'll see you then.
Thank you. darling.
- You know. I haven't
built a sandcastle in forever.
So. thank you
for inviting me.
- You're welcome.
But it really was Milly
who invited you.
- Oh. you had nothing
to do with that?
- Look. I might have told her
that you were
the best sandcastle designer
in New England.
- Mm. mm-hmm. mm-hmm.
That's what I thought.
- You know. Milly is probably
going to want you
to come back each and every year
from now on.
It's nice to win.
isn't it?
- [laughs]
You know what?
I would like that.
- Me too.
So. I...
I guess I'll see you
at the clam bake tomorrow.
Yeah?
- It's a date.
[inhales sharply]
[whispering] "A date."
[clears throat]
- [laughs]
- [muttering]
Why'd you say it's a date...
[playful music playing]
Oh. gosh. Okay.
[sighs]
Why would you say
it's a date?
[pleasant music playing]
- Hey. hey.
- Hey!
- What can I do?
- Good morning. Brody.
- Lead the way.
What have you been up to
all morning. Elli?
- You mind your manners. Brody.
You shouldn't be
sticking your nose
into other people's
business.
- Oh. no. you're right.
That's your job. Nana.
- [laughs]
Do you want some coffee?
- Yes. please.
- All right.
I'll put on a fresh pot.
♪ ♪
- Nice.
- There you go.
- All right.
Ah!
- Here we go!
- Nice.
- [laughs]
- That is gorgeous.
- All right.
- My time to shine.
- Come on. Milly.
- This is so gross.
- You're a professional.
[laughter]
- Nice.
You got it?
- Yeah.
- There you go. Milly.
- Is it slimy?
[laughter]
- Slimy and wet.
- All right. you're up.
- This is it now?
- It's cold.
- Well done. Very brave.
- Boom.
- Don't eat the seaweed.
- I would give you a high five.
but...
[laughter]
[upbeat folk music playing]
- [sighs]
- Now what?
- Now we wait
for the magic.
- ♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
- All right. here we go.
Hot stuff coming through.
- Booze it up. people.
- There we go.
- Oh! Gorgeous.
- All right. Elli.
It's truth-telling time.
When was the last time
you were at a real clam bake?
- Honestly?
- Yeah.
- This is my first one.
- What?
- You've never been
to a clam bake. dear?
- Afraid not.
- Well. how is it?
And don't sugarcoat it. now.
- It's the best clam bake
I've ever been to.
- Hey. there we go.
We're doing something right.
- Okay. but seriously.
it looks really delicious.
you guys.
Thank you.
- Ladies. and gentlemen.
I'd like to have
everyone's attention.
I'd like to make a toast.
To Elli.
- [scoffs]
- For her first real clam bake.
ladies and gentlemen.
[all cheer]
- Okay. wait. and to Nana
for inviting us into her home
and supervising.
- Yes. Thank you.
- Hear. hear.
And here's to new friends.
- To new friends.
- New friends.
[glasses clink]
- Someone's calling you.
- Mm.
[phone vibrating and chirping]
Mm. sorry. it's my boss.
- Oh. go ahead. go. go. go.
- Anna. hi.
- I want you to know
that I'm looking
for new locations for
the resort in North Carolina.
- Wait. what?
I already told everybody
we were sponsoring
the summer jamboree fundraiser.
- And we still can.
But I'm not a fan of waiting.
And I would like to have
a viable option
in case Brody won't play ball.
- Actually. after being here
a few days.
I think that tearing down
the pier would be a mistake.
- What?
- People love it.
It's popular.
- I put you in charge
of this project
because I thought it was a good
opportunity for you. Elli.
not so you can change
the whole thing.
- I understand. Anna.
but I think that we should
either reconsider our plans
or find an alternative location.
- Alternative location?
- Well. I may have an option.
So the city of Sand Dollar Cove
owns an old oyster factory.
There's plenty of space
for a resort.
plus retail and restaurants.
It's across the harbor
from all of the main
tourist areas in town.
I can send you a link.
- I'll take a look at it.
But I'm not going to make
any promises.
- Okay.
- Hey.
Everything okay?
- Yeah. Fine.
Just...usual.
- All right.
Better hurry up.
Food's getting cold.
- This is going to be the
coolest summer jamboree ever.
Yes. Like last year.
we'll have the balloon arches.
these bounce house
and dunk tank.
You have one?
Hold. please.
Do we need a dunk tank?
- Definitely.
Thanks. George.
Don't you gouge me.
It's for the high school.
Okay. Have a good day.
I think you've outdone
yourself.
- I have a vision.
- You do.
You're perfect.
- [whistles]
Ooh!
- Hey. Brody.
- Hey. Nana.
- Got some leftovers from the
clam bake I thought you'd like.
- Well. well. well.
You walked all this way
just to bring me leftovers.
- Okay. fine.
I just want to get
a minute alone with you
to see how it's going
with Elli.
- Oh. yeah?
Walk with me.
I got to close up the shop.
- Okay.
- Yeah. I thought you agreed
to stop trying to set me up
with your guests.
- I never agreed
to anything.
But that's not why I'm here.
I'm curious
about the land deal.
- Oh. Right.
Well. um. Elli's boss still
insists on tearing down the pier
if I sell them the land.
- Well. sounds like that might
be a good thing for the town.
- Goodness.
Does anybody else care about the
history of our family but me?
- Of course our history's
important.
But so are you.
Don't let the past
rob you of your future.
All right? Life is...
life is about more than
buildings and places and piers.
It's about spending time
with the people you love.
It's about making
new memories.
It's about going
after your dreams.
- My dreams. huh?
- Mm-hmm.
Take that money.
Do something good with it.
You always wanted
to help people.
Now you can.
Open up your own
law practice.
- Elli been talking
to you?
- I don't have to talk
to Elli.
You wanted to follow
in your grandfather's footsteps
ever since you were
a little boy.
It's who you are. Brody.
You're just like him.
- Grandpa always made it
look so easy.
- Oh. that's what he wanted
everyone to think.
He had his worries.
He worried about all of us.
the whole town.
every minute of every day.
And he would have been
so proud of you.
Pier or no pier.
[smooches]
♪ ♪
[sighs]
Okay.
- Okay. so I sketched
some designs
for the attractions
at the jamboree.
- Wow.
We usually just let
the carnival people
set up wherever they want.
- Right. but we're hoping
for more people
this year.
- What's that?
- Oh. that's where we eat.
So I placed the stage
in the middle of the parking lot
with the attractions
around it.
That way. we create a flow
to keep people moving
from one attraction
to the next.
- You really like to plan out
every single detail.
don't you?
- If you fail to plan.
you plan to fail.
- That's right. Uncle Brody.
They taught us that in school.
- See?
- So now you're
ganging up on me?
- Yeah.
- You two.
- [laughs]
- Thanks. Tom.
- My pleasure.
We'll be back at it again
tomorrow.
- Yes. we will.
- Snack for the road?
- Don't mind if I do.
- Thank you. guys.
- We made a good dent today.
- Yeah. we did.
I can't thank you enough
for all of your help
and getting your boss onboard.
- Oh. yeah. yeah.
It's my pleasure.
It's for a good cause.
And she loves the PR.
- [laughs]
So how are you doing?
You sick of our
little town yet?
- No. quite the opposite.
actually.
- Hmm.
- Everyone here
is so. um...
friendly?
- Yeah.
- That clam bake
the other night was...
- [laughs]
- ...to die for.
- Good.
I sense a "but."
- But my boss just won't
compromise.
She has this vision of how
she wants the resort to be
and. well. we both know
that Brody isn't budging.
- Well. just give him
some time.
He's always been
kind of slow to come around.
- And if he doesn't?
- Well. if he doesn't...
I guess you're just going
to have to cross that bridge
when you get to it.
- So how'd you and Tate meet?
- Interesting story.
It was the day I left. actually.
- The day you left?
- Yup. He robbed me.
- Wait. what?
He robbed you?
- I mean. not intentionally.
but he totally did.
It was years ago.
I had it in my head I wanted
to travel all over Europe.
Thought I'd seen everything
that Sand Dollar Cove
had to offer.
And so I told my parents I was
going to leave for a while.
- What did they say?
- Oh. they encouraged me
to go.
They know the worst thing
you can do
is try to keep somebody around
who doesn't want to be.
- It's true.
- Mm-hmm.
- So you left?
- Almost.
[laughs]
I was at the bus stop.
The bus to New York came.
I went to grab my bag.
but it was gone.
And I'm looking around
frantically.
and there's Tate
wheeling it away.
because he had
mistaken it for his.
- Oh. no.
- I chased him down.
I gave him such an earful.
He was mortified.
Poor guy.
And. uh. there was
just something about him.
I'd missed my bus.
and he apologized
and asked if he could
take me to lunch.
And it was just one meal.
but I...
felt like I'd known him
my whole life.
And he had just moved
to Sand Dollar.
He was so excited
to be here.
And we started
spending time together.
and I got to see this place...
in a whole new light
through him.
So I stayed.
- Someone had
to show him around. right?
- Right.
That was nine years ago.
- Now you have Milly.
- Yeah. we do.
- Do you ever wonder
what would have happened
if you'd gotten
on that bus?
- Oh. sometimes.
But not in a way
that makes me feel like
I missed out on anything.
We actually went to Europe
on our honeymoon.
Yeah. it was so nice
to experience that with Tate.
When I think about it.
if he hadn't have grabbed
my bag right then.
I could have just missed out
on my everything.
I chose to stay.
I wouldn't change it
for the world.
You know. home is where
the heart is.
My heart is here.
There you go.
- Thanks.
- [laughs]
- Shh!
- She sure does love Brody.
- All kids love Brody.
It's because he practically
is one himself.
You want me to take her?
- No. no. She's fine.
Go finish up.
- I'm just going to help Tate
finish up in the kitchen.
- [inhales deeply]
- What you doing?
- I am just working
on some ideas
for a booth that I was
thinking about sponsoring.
- This looks great.
- Thank you.
I call it my Pay It Forward
Foundation.
Basically.
members of the town
can sign up for things
they need done.
as well as offer any special
skills that they might have.
You know. for instance.
an accountant
can offer a free tax job
to a family in need.
or an elderly couple.
They might need
their lawn mowed.
So it's just simple stuff.
People helping people.
It's something my grandfather
started a while back.
and I thought
I'd resurrect it.
- I see the first item listed
is a free
estate planning package
by a Mr. Brody Bradshaw.
- Somebody had to go first.
- That's the best idea
I've heard in a long time.
- Thank you.
- Looks like that baby
needs a nap.
- Oh. Snag her.
- Thanks. love.
- Here we go. sweetie.
Two. three.
Oh!
- It was so nice
to talk to you.
- You too.
- Good night. all.
- Is. uh. Nana cooking dinner
for you?
- Didn't mention anything.
- I got it.
- Got what?
- Dinner.
I'll make us something.
- Oh. you can cook.
- Simple stuff.
- I can't believe
you're actually cooking for me.
- Why not?
Come on. it's the least
I could do.
All the work you've been doing
with us to help the jamboree.
[taps spoon]
- I'm having a good time.
- I'm glad.
I want to thank you.
by the way.
Seriously.
For shaking things up
for me.
- What do you mean?
- Well. how do I say this?
Ever since I've gotten
back here.
I guess I've just been kind of
going through the motions.
you know?
Um. I went to law school
because I wanted to help people.
And somewhere
along the line.
I think I forgot that.
You reminded me.
So...thank you.
- You're welcome.
And thank you.
- For what?
Being a pain
in your neck?
- Well. you certainly
challenged me
to come up with new ideas.
New ways of seeing a project.
I think that's why I became
an architect in the first place.
- Well...
I'm glad I could be of service.
And dinner is served.
- Cheers.
- Ah. Cheers.
- [blows]
[warm music playing]
♪ ♪
Mmm.
I think this might be better
than the lobster roll.
Honestly.
- Wow. Okay.
That's big praise.
- No. seriously.
Where'd you learn
how to cook?
- You know. Nana used to own
this café.
Yeah.
So I used to have a summer job
here for a few years
back in high school.
Picked up a thing or two.
- You're full of surprises.
Mr. Brody Bradshaw.
- Well. how would you feel
about one more surprise?
[lively music playing]
♪ ♪
- Pretty good crowd.
- I'd say record-breaking
crowd.
Good job.
High school's going to be
really happy.
- So. what do we do now?
- Uh. nothing.
It's done. We're done.
Now we just got to relax.
have some fun.
What do you want to do?
- Follow me!
- Whoa.
- You do know I'm counting
on you to miss. don't you?
- Hey. I used to play softball.
You'd better hold your breath.
- [laughs]
- Elli.
- Okay. all right.
we're aiming for the target.
not me.
- Oh. okay. yeah.
Good to know.
- Good luck.
[all exclaim]
- You're gonna get it.
- Oh!
- Get out of here!
- Oh! Whoa. whoa. whoa!
- [laughs]
- You're soaking wet.
Oh!
Oh. well. in public.
- So?
- I don't know.
I don't want people to think
that I was trying
to romance your pier
away from you.
- Well. aren't you?
- Aren't I what?
- Trying to romance my pier
away from me.
- Hey. you kissed me first.
remember?
- Oh. that's true.
- Brody!
- Let's do that again.
- [clears throat]
[Nana laughing]
Nana. uh. we were. uh...
- Just looking
for you and Milly.
- Yeah.
- Listen up.
My friends think this is
the best summer jamboree ever.
- Well. yeah. they should.
Your uncle Brody's been
just working around the clock
to get it set up.
- Well. that's funny.
He said the same thing
about you.
- All right. well.
I'd better go
check on the band.
- I think you ought to change
out of those wet clothes first.
- You look like a soggy dog.
- Thank you. Milly.
I got an extra shirt
in the car.
- All right. honey.
- I'll be back.
- Bye. Uncle Brody.
- Come on.
You guys wanna play some games?
- Yeah!
♪ ♪
- Ah. all right.
Wish me luck.
- Good luck.
- How is everybody
doing tonight. huh?
[all cheer]
- That's right.
I hope everybody's
having a good time.
I want to say welcome.
each and every one of you.
to the 20th--count it!
20th annual Sand Dollar Cove
summer jamboree.
You know. I got to say.
give yourselves a round
of applause. because...
[applause]
...between the ticket sales.
the donation page.
we have raised a record.
record amount
of money this year.
That's all you.
Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
Thank you. thank you.
We've raised enough money
to fund all the extracurricular
activities
for the high school programs
for the entire year.
[all cheer]
You know.
after the storm damage.
it didn't look like we were
gonna have a jamboree this year.
So we got a lot of people
to thank.
First and foremost.
let's thank Anna Walters
from New England Design
and Development.
Anna. thank you for sponsoring
the party.
That's right!
[applause]
And while I don't have time
to go ahead
and thank each and every one
of you that's helped--
and trust me.
there's a lot of you.
Now. there's one person
in particular
I do want
to acknowledge tonight.
Can everyone please
put their hands together
for Ms. Elli Ebersol.
[applause]
We couldn't have done it
without you. Elli.
That's right.
All right. enough of that.
Enough of that.
Tonight is about
the high school.
It's about family.
It's about food.
[all cheer]
It's always about food.
But right now.
it's about great music.
So would you please all give
a warm welcome
to the Sensational Sand Dollars.
[band playing upbeat
country music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ This is my paradise ♪
♪ This is all I really need ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ And you know I can't
live without this feeling ♪
♪ Of the ocean ♪
♪ ♪
Thank you very much.
We're back from a short break.
[cheers and applause]
[band playing slow song]
♪ ♪
- Any chance
you'd like to dance?
- It's been a minute.
- All the more reason
to say yes.
- ♪ I never felt ♪
♪ It's kinda hard
for me to explain ♪
♪ Her personality... ♪
- And he dances.
- Nana taught me that too.
- [snickers]
- ♪ Brings me to my knees. oh ♪
♪ She shines me up
like gold on my arm ♪
♪ I wanna take it slow
but it's so hard ♪
- Uh...
- I see.
- ♪ I love to see her face
in daylight ♪
- They make a cute couple.
don't they?
- They sure do.
- ♪ But she's really
tempting me. oh ♪
- What are you
thinking about?
- ♪ Do you think I'm being... ♪
- I'm thinking that there is
no place in the entire world
that I would rather be
than right here with you.
- ♪ I'm scared to death
that she might be it ♪
♪ That the love is real ♪
- Me too.
- ♪ That the shoe might fit ♪
♪ She might just
be my everything ♪
[cell phone chirping
and buzzing]
- She's just going to keep
calling if I don't answer.
- Tell her I said thank you.
- Sorry.
- [sighs]
Anna. Hi.
- How's it going?
- Great.
We raised a record amount
for the high school.
Brody even thanked you
in his speech.
- Well. that's not
what I was talking about.
Do you think
he'll change his mind?
- Did you have a chance to look
at the oyster factory?
- Yes. I looked at it.
But it's further from the beach
than I thought.
- It's a short bike ride.
- Elli. you've gone
above and beyond
trying to make this resort work
in Sand Dollar Cove.
If we can't build on the beach
I'd prefer to go
somewhere else.
- That's a real shame. Anna.
I think that we're making
a mistake by not--
- I'm not asking you to agree.
I'm asking you to do your job.
- Yeah. no. of course.
- Great.
Either Brody
sells us his land.
or we move on
to another town.
I'd like you back
in the office tomorrow
to start evaluating
new locations.
- Okay.
Okay. good night.
- Everything okay?
- [sighs]
Anna won't approve
moving the resort
to the oyster factory.
Like I thought.
I'm really sorry.
- Okay.
Hey. you tried.
And I appreciate that.
- She wants me back
in the office tomorrow
to start evaluating
other locations.
- That's soon.
- These last couple weeks
have been really amazing.
getting to know you.
- Hmm.
- But I got to get back to...
Real life.
- What are you talking about?
I mean...
we could still try
to give this a chance.
You're only in Stamford.
It's not that far away.
- Yeah. but I don't know
if the development
will bring me elsewhere.
and I don't know
if I'll be able to visit.
It's complicated.
- Oh.
Okay.
I see.
- I really like you. Brody.
I should probably go back.
[stirring music playing]
I'm sorry.
♪ ♪
- Great.
[soft music playing]
♪ ♪
- Leaving so early. dear?
- My boss wants me
in the office
to begin a new
land search.
- I'm truly sorry you didn't
find what you were looking for.
Come here.
- Thank you for everything.
- Of course.
You know. things have a way
of working out.
♪ ♪
- Elli. hi.
- I have an idea.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome. Enjoy.
- Good morning. Pam.
- Hey.
- Could I get a coffee. please?
- Where's Elli?
- Uh...
she went back
to Stamford.
- She left?
After the way you two
were dancing last night?
- Yeah.
I guess looks can be deceiving.
huh?
- Oh. Brody.
- I know.
I know I only knew her
a few weeks. but...
it just felt...
- Well. if you really
have feelings for Elli.
you need to try
and make it work.
- I did.
I mean. at least I thought
I did.
- It's still about the pier.
isn't it?
- It used to be.
But now...
not so much.
- Well. change is tough.
The pier represents
who you are.
Where you come from.
- But not where I want to be.
- Mm-hmm.
- Mm.
- [laughs]
- Thank you. Pam.
- I got you.
[hopeful music playing]
♪ ♪
[cell phone ringing]
- Elli. hi. Come on in.
I was just sending you details
on a North Carolina location.
- What if we could still build
the resort on the beach
in Sand Dollar Cove?
- Meaning?
- I want to show you something.
- Who authorized this?
- I did it on my own time.
- I don't like you going
behind my back. Elli.
- Well. frankly. I knew
if I asked you'd just say no.
I wanted to share my vision
with you in person.
- Share your vision?
- Come here!
- Piper.
- You want your stick?
You want your stick?
Go get that!
[laughs]
- What are you
doing here?
- I missed Piper.
- You never returned
any of my calls.
- Yeah. I wanted
to speak with you in person.
- Oh. that sounds ominous.
Okay. listen. listen.
before you say anything.
can I get something
off my chest?
- Okay.
- Nana.
- Mm.
- She reminded me that life's
not just about buildings
or places or piers.
It's about being
with people you love.
It's about making new memories.
going after your dreams.
I don't want to see this pier
get torn down. I don't.
But I do know
that a new resort
will be good for this
entire town.
I trust you.
And I know that whatever
you are going to build here
will be beautiful.
So I spoke to my family.
and I have decided
to sell you the land.
No strings attached.
- Brody. I came here
to tell you--
- Just think about it. please.
Maybe...
it's time I let it go.
you know?
Having this entire experience
has reminded me that...
I do want to carry on
my grandfather's legacy.
Selling you the land will
give me the money to do that.
- That's fantastic.
- I like you. Elli.
I do.
Ms. Elli Ebersol.
It's been a long time
since I felt this way.
And I just really hope
that we can find a way
to make this work.
- Brody...
you don't have to give up
the pier.
- Wait. what?
- I worked up a new concept
last night.
keeping the pier intact
and as a centerpiece.
- You're serious.
- Yes.
Instead of tearing it down.
we're going to repair it.
Anna just approved
all the changes.
I'm going to be designing
and project managing
the new resort
here in Sand Dollar Cove.
- [laughs]
You did it.
[laughing]
You--wow.
- I mean. I'll still be based
out of Stamford. but...
you'll be seeing
a lot more of me.
- I like the sound of that.
Come here.
But. wait...
and how long did you say
that this project
would take to build?
- Mm...
Two years.
- Wow.
I'll take every minute
I can get.
- Me too.
[sweeping music playing]
♪ ♪